how come sx games opinion if someone
citizen today it goes around the time
since then is a classic isolation
she books and yet often wrong
accomplished
the first error I like it then such
First of all, sitting is that the poor too much
be bent, that is a movement
that looks like this
that's wrong what we want
we want to make the long arm
we do not want the arm too much
but also do not angle by stretching
slightly bent arms of the ground
Second, we do not want the somehow
but we have shoulder blades in front
want to take shoulder back
Now if you move your arm up
many do this movement that they do
instead of moving the elbow upwards
move your hand upwards that you
then quite the same or many
make is too high
In principle, they move the
elbow up and now comes
somehow something like that
you only go up to a height of 90
grad so if this zero position
then this is 90 degrees
Everything about this angle is here
Going high is guilty of injury
and raps so we go with easy
Angled arms are the highest position
which is here and what we are
want to make is not that you look
tried the hand to get up to
why so the elbow yes so the
Elbow is always higher than that
Wrist does not hand is higher than
it is the 90 ° highest point of the elbow
album offers the highest position
important now is we want to do it
Lift time for which muscle percentage
right for the middle delta for the
with middle shoulder head so
we try to turn the dumbbell off
when we exercise which you are from here
lead and want the front welter
which actually does not need and
we have the weather at all
Press the movements in it while pressing
The schoolboy presses it with it
always primary or we always have
very much blame the shapes front
shoulder head in that means we want
Do not run since as well because now
I demand delta but I want
the lateral side data who
Gives us that wide look this
Bodybuilding praises this then give us
This shoulder head is our shoulder
widening so that means we are
turn the dumbbell out like a dumbbell
Water bottle if that's you if we
now as a glass pour me
would
Turn the dumbbell outwards
straight and with increasing with increasing
We turn off the dumbbell
Now we have the full job
he asks the middle data front
data forum lateral delta okay that
At the moment it was you too
I liked it then and you the
channel soon